# jubilant-system
I don't know where you are and my name doesn't matter, but I can guess because I always told you that I feel you from afar, but it's important that you know that your absence is destroying me bit by bit, but it's not the same as your imagination, which means you don't care at all. Doctor, I circled around you like a butterfly because you had a wrong idea, no matter how much I explained to you, you didn't want me to understand that you made up all those stories with cowardice and ignorance and left. You said the worst things that can be said to someone. I did something for you only because I loved you, you came back and you said I was fooling myself, wow, yes, you're right, I fooled myself because I loved you, because I didn't want to lose you, Nora, I repeat, nobody spends money, especially these days. You took 3 tomans on your word, Azam Jun, wow, you don't even think about it. You are thanking them at all. On the 15th of September, I spent money on you, except cursing and cursing. I didn't see anything. I will come and see you. You say that I don't waste my time on someone I don't like. You were so far away from me in August, I was in the hospital. You are so ignorant that you didn't come to see me for 5 minutes. In that situation, I didn't leave behind you, and I didn't leave you behind. That same August, I gave you 10 million money for your virginity card. What did I see? You cursed, insulted me. I spent 7,500 for you and gave you 8 tomans for your clothes. Then you tell me that you didn't add anything to Lamsab's house. I said that I will pay you 5 tomans for your rent. If you are comfortable, put your mother's money and my own income in your pocket. What did you do? You became angrier every day.
Look, I don't owe you anything (yesterday, I took my mother for chemotherapy, I was talking to her, I told her it was a pity, I really loved Nora, I was fine with her), but you didn't understand what you really have in your chest instead of a heart that can be so stone, how do you feel about it? I didn't miss you, how could you forget all the love I had for you, all the good times we had together, only when you have work, you want something, you don't have money.
Today you tell me: If you want something in return, I will accept it, I just need money
I don't know what you saw when you said this, I told you before that I will pay you, then I said thank you 🙏🏼 God forbid that you have asked me so much money since you left Tir till today, did I make a bet or did I ask for something??? I didn't even ask for thanks. I just begged you not to insult me, I asked you, what do you want or anything???
I wish instead of this you would say let's go out at night or whatever you did, Nora, you really should be rewarded that a person like me came into your life with all the darkness and evil he saw and heard. ,,,,,,,
For several hours, I was very upset and angry because of that ridiculous message. I can't believe how a person can not see so much love and talk to me like this, telling me that only you will fall asleep in my arms. You fooled me, Nora, officially.
Nora, I want to be exactly like you, I don't want to care about you anymore, you don't care about me anymore
I made a mistake last night too. I answered your phone. I made a mistake today. I don't know how to get through it. After I was paralyzed and in a wheelchair, you called me again and left a message. It's okay. I value my body, I don't hit the body of someone who doesn't love me, you know this well, I'm not a whore, sex is sacred to me, I would worship you, if you licked you from head to toe, if you watered 20 times, because it's only love, otherwise, leave me alone. You were not my pleasure. I loved you but you didn't understand. It doesn't matter anymore because you are no one anymore. I don't fool myself anymore. I will be strong like you.
Finally, I will not deposit money for you anymore
I was wrong until today
Please don't call me anymore, don't message me, especially I'm very serious, don't insult me ​​in the slightest, no matter what you do, it doesn't matter, I won't read or answer.
Time will tell whether I lost you or you lost me
Bye.
- [ ]
